docs: align package.json serve script (fix #4609) (#4610)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/static-deploy.md

{
  "scripts": {
    "build": "vite build",
    "serve": "vite preview"
  }
}
```

> It is important to note that `vite serve` is intended for previewing the build locally and not meant as a production server.

Reviewer: This should stay as vite preview

Author: Good catch, I  accidentally changed that one.

### Testing The App Locally

Once you've built the app, you may test it locally by running `npm run serve` command.

```bash
$ npm run build

> $ npm run serve 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ npm run serve
```

```

> The `preview` command will boot up local static web server that serves the files from `dist` at http://localhost:5000. It's an easy way to check if the production build looks OK in your local environment.

Author: "The `preview` command will boot up local static web server"

Do you think this should say `serve` or leave as is in context to `vite preview`?

Reviewer: We could change it to
```
The `vite preview` command...
```
so it is less confusing

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "serve": "vite preview --port 8080"
  }
}
```

Now the `preview` method will launch the server at http://localhost:8080.

::: tip NOTE

> If you are using `npm` as your package manager, you may run into issues with changing the `serve` command to `preview` due to npm's usage of `pre` and `post` commands. For more info checkout the [npm docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/scripts#pre--post-scripts) regarding Pre & Post scripts.

Reviewer: I think we should use script instead of command here. And maybe we shouldn't only pin this to npm (did we test it in yarn 3?). Maybe something like this? 
```suggestion
If you change the script name from `serve` to `preview`, you may run into issues with some package managers due to the way they handle [Pre & Post scripts](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/scripts#pre--post-scripts).
```
